# Johnson
For a weighted sparse directed graph, the program calculates the minimum cost from each vertex to each reachable vertex from it using Johnson's algorithm.

Input and output file paths are given as parameters on the command line, the first being the input file path and the second being the output file path.

### The input file:
The input file contains on the first line 2 numbers separated by space: V E. V represents the number of vertices of the graph. E represents the number of arcs of the graph. The following E lines contain 3 numbers separated by space, each representing an arc: x y w. x is the source node of the arc, y is the destination node, and w is the weight. Vertex indexing starts from 0.

### The output file:
The output file will contain one line or E + V lines. If the graph given in the input file contains a negative cost circuit, the output file will contain a single line with the value -1. If the graph does not contain any negative cost circuits, the output file will contain E + V lines, having the meaning described below. The first E lines represent the edges of the graph after reweighting. Each line will consist of 3 values ​​separated by space, each representing an arc: x y 𝑤 . x is the source node of the arc, y is destination node, and 𝑤 is the new arc weight. Arcs will be sorted first by node source, then after the destination node. The following V lines represent the distance matrix, each of these lines containing V values. Line i of the matrix (line V + i of the output file) represents the path costs of minimum cost from source vertex i to all vertices of the graph. The value at position j of the line i represents the minimum cost from source vertex i to vertex j. If vertex j is unreachable from vertex i, then the string "INF" will be written on position j of line i.